Clarified that verification using DSSE. (#39)
sigstore/architecture-docs: client-spec.md

* Using the raw bytes of the artifact as the payload.
* Hashing the artifact, then using the resultant digest as the payload.

> * Using [DSSE](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/dsse/blob/master/protocol.md) as an envelope for the payload which MUST be an in-toto statement.

Reviewer: I would link to the spec here (not sure if this is the best link to use):

```suggestion
* Using [DSSE](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/dsse/blob/master/protocol.md) as an envelope for the payload which MUST contain an [in-toto statement](https://github.com/in-toto/attestation/blob/main/spec/v1/statement.md).
```

>     * Verifier MUST ensure that the artifact's digest/alg tuple is present in the list of subject in the in-toto statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Verifier MUST ensure that the artifact's digest/algorithm tuple is present in the list of subject(s) in the in-toto statement.
```

This proposed change is to hint that the in-toto statement might have multiple subjects.
